release-schema.json: convert unofficialTranslation from boolean to ar… (#20)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_documentation_extension: README.md

* Indicate the page numbers at which relevant information can be found within a large document
* Describe any special arrangements needed to access the document
* Name the author of the document (not to be confused with its publisher)

> * Provide any unofficial languages the document is provided in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Indicate the languages in which unofficial translations of the document are available
```
